Project objective: Generally speaking, our goal is to improve this given website for any key users, as well as just in general for anyone that orders a lot of takeout/delivery. By improvement we mean to make the website faster, and add the remaining required functionality provided by the user stories. Specifically, for the user/customer, we need to implement functionality for tracking containers and impact points. For the restaurant owner, we need to complete the functionality for the settings on the app, receiving orders, and for tracking containers. For the admin user (this would be nice to have), we need to implement a dashboard for restaurant inventory and total number of containers averted, a dashboard to view unreturned containers by customers, a dashboard for KPIs visualization, and Google Analytics.

Key users: overall, this web app is for anyone (customers) that orders a lot of takeout/delivery. It is also for people that are actively trying to reduce their footprint on the environment. Restaurant owners would also use this app, especially restaurants that do a lot of delivery/takeout orders. Another key user is the admin users, who want to be able to have a dashboard to view the restaurant’s information such as inventory, and unreturned containers by users.

Key usage scenarios: 
Sara is a customer who wants to be able to see the history of her container transactions and receive an automatic email reminder to return her container, and view all outstanding containers. Also, she wants to have impact points so that for every spent on the app, she receives 20 points, for which 1 point gives her $0.00025. She also wants to see her points history. Essentially, she wants a point system that rewards her for using the app, as well as some system that can help her keep on track for returning her containers.

Alex is a restaurant owner who wants to define his business hours (automatically open and close, and allow users to only view products when the restaurant is closed), close during holidays, and be able to modify his profile (banner, profile picture, venue name, store categories, address). In addition to order details, Jimmy wants to be able to view containers associated with the order, and a notification system when a new order is received. Also, he wants to have inventory management of containers (form to request more containers, pick up excess containers, and report a problem) and show the total container numbers in the inventory. This would make managing his restaurant and orders much easier.

James is an admin user who wants to have a (separate) dashboard for each of the following items: restaurant inventory and total number of containers averted, view unreturned containers by customers, and Business KPIs visualization (including impact points, user acquisition). Also, he wants to have Google Analytics integrated into the app. This would allow him to better see how popular the app is, and how to potentially increase the number of customers using the app.

Key principles: Inwit already has a website but it is slow, so speed/efficiency is definitely a must, and this principle applies to any feature that we implement. Another principle is simplicity in terms of what tools we use to implement any feature. We want to make sure that we don’t work with a tool that is too difficult to work with, or may take a lot of time to learn, when we can possibly use what’s given in the codebase by Inwit. In other words, we shouldn’t try to reinvent the wheel.

